As always before we can start building anything we actually need to do our set up.
So we're here and that's going to create a new folder and I'm going to call this a music app so I'm
going to say over here and this is going to be a music app on this.
And let me just rename it music up here.
Then once I have this open that I'm going to open the brackets here and I'm going to close these ones
for now.
So I'm going to get I'm a text editor and I'm just going to drag this folder over here.
And this pretty much is going to.
All right.
We're having that before.
All right so this is going to be a completely empty folder.
Then over here I'm going to say no this is going to be a index actually i'm how you know this then I'm
going to write a way place a H.T. Moscow in full human skeleton and we're going to write a way and mean
CSSA over here.
So now that I have the indexation Amendment right away I can have a live preview on this.
So once we have the live preview then let's create a main see it says which is going to be for styling.
And she says that all readers is also going to be Mencius us in the next one.
That's right.
So we're going to say main success we're here we're going to call this a music app music here.
Then we're also going to have our script.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be script.
Jay has filed an order here.
We're going to have a query.
Right so what just make a comment on whether there's going to be a query.
So let's make the comment over here.
I'm going to say this is going to be Jake where now once we have all heard this initial set up right
with the mates he says now maybe let's do a script.
Julius also scrubbed here overhearing this and I will go ahead and let's start adding what we would
want.
So first we're going to do with fonts.
Just go to Google.
We're going to get font and let's get something quite funky.
All right so let's do thickness right on this.
And you know what.
No that wasn't a number of styles.
What was the thickness and what do slant and so words do or he this guy.
Right so I'm going to press it on here.
Now this tells me how I can add it to my project.
So I'm going to select this copy and paste this and go back.
And now I can close the screen just for now.
I here we're going to say that this is going to be a Google font's and you can see that I puts the comment
in the wrong place on Google.
I'm going to say fonts we have Google fonts we just copy and paste this here and let's place a heading
one just to test that slogan to say hello world and you can see that it's not working yet because I
haven't added a rule to my body so I'm going to save this and I'm really going to get this guy and it's
all going to copy and paste this.
I'm going to go to Maine see assess.
I'm going to say for the whole body I'd copy and paste from family on here.
Right.
And then I'll go ahead and let's maybe actually refresh.
Now I can see that everything is working.
So we have our Hello world and we are fans.
Now the next one we would want is actually Jacquard right because we're here for these buttons.
We're going to need a javascript.
It's all going to get Actually Jake we're in order to do that so we can close all these Google fonts
and we can go here and we're going to use a Google J.A.G. CDN So we just hope and this and we're going
to find words or Genk worry or here just get this Jake worry here and we're going to go back and just
copy and paste this and months maybe like create another comment I'm going to say this is going to be
script file.
Right just so there's a distinction between them.
Now what I would want to do is test whether I actually have Jake.
All right.
So I'm going to go over here and since I have the access right now Jake worry I have an access to function
so I'm going to select the whole document like this right.
I'm going to say document.
And then over here I'm going to write already you know this then I have a Prentice's curly braces and
all over here I need to write a function.
I'm turning right and this is going to be anonymous function.
And then over here let's write just a simple I don't know.
Alert alert here.
Hello hello there.
Hello there.
We're here.
Once we say this you can see that I have a alert with Hello there.
All right so everything is working.
We have our Jake Weary.
And basically what this means is that I'm saying I would want to run my code only when the actual Dom
has been loaded.
Right.
When the document is ready this is the ready function.
So I'm going to delete this alert it because we don't need it right now we know that it's working.
How are we going to be placing all our code here.
Right.
And basically what we're saying is that we would want our code to run only one document has been loaded.
So I'm going to say this and I'm going to go back to actually now and then we'll check what else we
need.
Right.
And the next thing we need is phantasm and the latest version is found on some five.
So here the first thing that we can right away do is get download free.
Now if you are used to working with an all right you can head over here Word says old $4.7.
Right.
And you going to be taking back to the old page.
But we're going to be working with a fantastic amphi right.
So that's where we're going to be working or here right away with these down don't forget now we're
here they say to get started what would you need to do.
They are using with as 3G javascript and they are for you or here just free CDN but we're not going
to use them.
And then once you download you we're going to have a squeegee with us then in jazz you're going to have
found us some are just fine.
You you've got your head and you add a script right with the source to that font that has some jazz
file over here.
Right.
So let's go ahead and let's actually do it.
So we're going to go here I'm going to find where's my downloads.
There should be already a few of them there.
So I'm going to have downloads right.
And sure enough I have found that semi-valid curso was right.
So let's go here.
And you know what let me just quickly move all this to the trash.
Right.
So it's not in our way and we have found ourselves up for it.
We open up the zip code here like this and then we should have a folder on it once we have the folder
we open it up and we're starting to have a look where it is Rigi with Julius go here then we go to J.S.
and then we have fun Tarsem all day.
Now we can drag it or we can copy this one right and so but I'm going to do it here as I'm going to
select this file and I'm just going to drag it to my music.
Once I have it in my hand up front of some genius I'm going to go over here and in the head.
All right we're going to have a fun time some jackass so I'm going to say script or you know let's do
a comic.
All right let's say Fonte awesome going on here.
We're going to say that this is going to be a script I'm here and we going to say source and the source
is going to be fantastic and Mongia is now in order to test this.
What's create or hear a phantasm Michael it's all going to say hey and in the new syntax we need to
write f hey yes right here and there we're going to write home and we're going to have a let's say 5
x y.
So here we're going to test this why this is not actually working maybe we will refresh.
Now I can see that everything is fine.
Right.
So we'll have our Hello world and we have our fantastic Mica.
Now if we're going to go back over here and go all the way up to how to use it you're able to see what
they're asking right now.
Right.
And like I said the difference with the style free fix right.
We have a solid one which would be for us and then we have bronze.
So FHB So this would be a different thing or here you can see that right if a prefix has been depreciated.
Right and the version 5.
So you remember in all the way you would read just F.A. NFA.
Now that's enough with a phantasm.
Right.
Because we're all going to be working with them we're going to have we're going to look at the prefixes
read or hear the images were packed cells.
So I just read on him music and you can see that I misspelled it for you right.
Music right.
Well these would be the images that I'm using.
Right.
But obviously I'm going to include the images files so you can download it if you want.
All right.
So again I would say just pixels to get all your images because I think it's a very good site and provides
a lot of great content then with the colors we can use a color.
But no here like always this is the generator right.
We just press tab and it gives us colors and then if we want we can lock the color right and keep looking.
We already have covered this a few times and then after that we're going to have a logo right and the
logo here is going to be free logo design.
I'm going to go here and I'm going to look at what logo would want right.
So these are a few options that actually have more.
So we're going to have a new logos here.
And then once we would say pick whatever you want.
Right.
So let's say we're here food and drink then you can see or hear these logos they offer.
Now you're not limited to only this look obviously right which you can do here is you can actually customize
this right so if I go here if I say company or ones let's say in different font in a different color.
When press or here right and I can have my custom colors over here right.
So let's say over here 1 9 1 9 1 9.
So when I say select and you can see that I change the color basically.
So once you're done with working with this logo you say Well here it's actually starting to save the
moment it's going to save it's going to offer you an option.
Right.
So we have free one high resolution for turning and then 129.
Once you click download you'll see or hear the free one.
You need to enter first name address.
They'll send you a link.
You go back over here and you download automatically the logo and they're not going to charge you for
anything at least they haven't been charging me.
And you can get it right away.
A very nice good looking logo.
So once you're done with this we're done actually with our set up and we can start working on her app.